International Journal of Women's Dermatology xxx (2016) xxx–xxx

 Contents lists available at ScienceDirect
 International Journal of Women's Dermatology
 Clinical trials in dermatology
 K. Torre, M. Shahriari⁎
 Department of Dermatology, University of Connecticut Health Center, Farmington, CT
 art i cle info
 Article history:
 Received 13 December 2016
 Accepted 14 December 2016
 Available online xxxx
 Keywords:
 clinical trials
 design
 randomized
 controlled
 placebo
 double-blinded
 abstract
 Clinical trials are the backbone of modern day medicine. Randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled
 studies are critical for advancement in medicine and dermatology. Skin conditions such as psoriasis and
 atopic dermatitis areamongthemostcommonhealthproblemsintheUnitedStates.Clinicaltrialscanpro
videtreatmentsthatnot onlyofferobjectiveimprovementsinclinicaldiseasestatus butalsosubjective im
provementsinthequalityoflifeofpatients whoare afflictedwith thedisease.Inthisarticle, wediscussthe
 processes andresourcesofaclinicaltrialsunitandthe challengesthatcanbeencounteredduringthestudy
 process. It is critical to engage in clinical trials to treat patients most effectively with new and innovative
 therapies that are rooted in trial-validated, evidence-based medicine.
 ©2016Women'sDermatologicSociety.PublishedbyElsevierInc.ThisisanopenaccessarticleundertheCC
 BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
 Introduction
 The history of clinical research has evolved over centuries, be
tweencontinents, and amongdisciplines into the modernera ofclin
ical trials. The first recorded trial can be found in biblical writings
 between 605 and 562 BC. Records document an official order by
 King Nebuchadnezzar, a military leader in Babylon, that instructs
 people to eat a diet of meat and wine only, which he believed
 wouldkeepthemphysicallyfitandhealthy(Collier, 2009).However,
 agroupofyoungmenrebelledagainsttheorderandthekingallowed
 them to consume vegetables and water instead. After 10 days, those
 with the vegetarian diet appeared better nourished than those who
 consumedthemeatandwinediet(Collier,2009).Despiteitssimplic
ity, this record of the first trial shows how experimentation has guid
ed decisions, which in turn has had a broader impact on the overall
 public health (Bhatt, 2010; Collier, 2009).
 Dr. James Lind is often credited with conducting the first clinical
 trial in modern times (Bhatt, 2010; Collier, 2009). Although the
 study was notperfect, heimplementedthefirst control group within
 his studyandfoundthataddingcitrusfruittothedietsofsailorscould
 prevent scurvy (Bartholomew, 2002). By 1863, another element of
 modern clinical trial protocols, the placebo, was added to research
 studies (de Craen et al., 1999). In the1900s, more advanced concepts
 such as randomization and treatment blinding were introduced and
 utilized in research studies (Bhatt, 2010).
 ⁎ Corresponding author.
 E-mail address: mshahriari@uchc.edu (M. Shahriari).
 As the nature of clinical trials evolved, the protection of human
 study subjects also increased. Before the 20th century, ethical princi
ples for the care of patients were rooted in the ancient Hippocratic
 Oathbutnotstrictlyadheredtoandeffortstoprotecthumansubjects
 fromharmormistreatmentwereoftenreactionaryratherthanantic
ipatory. This issue wasaddressed with thecreation of theNuremberg
 Code and The Declaration of Helsinki, which outlined global rules of
 conduct for human experimentation. The United States also imple
mented its own laws and regulatory organizations to govern clinical
 trial research; however, many years, legislative acts, and unfortunate
 deathspassedbefore theU.S.Food andDrugAdministration(FDA)in
 its current form was established to strictly regulate all stages of drug
 development, manufacturing, and marketing (Borchers et al., 2007).
 Today, clinical trials are the backbone of contemporary medicine.
 Randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical studies are
 critical for the advancementofmedicineandthefieldofdermatology.
 Overview of clinical trials
 Between2005and2012,theFDAapproved188newtherapiesfor
 206 indications on the basis of the results from 448 trials (Downing
 et al., 2014). Clinical research has led to the development of effective
 and life-changing treatment for cardiovascular and autoimmune dis
eases, skin conditions, diabetes, cancer, and an array of diseases that
 affect patients worldwide.
 Results from clinical trials have significantly improved the out
comes and quality of life of patients with dermatologic conditions.
 http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijwd.2016.12.001
 2352-6475/© 2016 Women'sDermatologic Society. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/
 by-nc-nd/4.0/).
 Please cite this article as: Torre K, Shahriari M, Clinical trials in dermatology, International Journal of Women's Dermatology (2016), http://
 dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijwd.2016.12.001
2
 K. Torre, M. Shahriari / International Journal of Women's Dermatology xxx (2016) xxx–xxx
 Since 2011, eight new therapies have been approved by the FDA for
 the treatment of patients with metastatic melanoma, including four
 immunotherapy agents and four targeted therapies. Since the early
 2000s, targeted immunotherapy for patients with psoriasis has be
come a strong focus in clinical research and resulted in the develop
ment of new therapeutics on a yearly basis and half a dozen agents
 that are currently under development.
 Skin conditions are among the most common health problems in
 the United States and one in three people are affected at any given
 time, which is more common than obesity, cancer, and hypertension
 (Bickers et al., 2006). Dermatologic diseases increase both direct and
 indirect medical costs and present a challenge to the quality of life of
 affected patients. In addition to the clinical presentation, skin condi
tions can also manifest as severe pruritus and cause impaired move
ment and debilitating emotional effects (Bickers et al., 2006).
 Psoriasis, for example, is an autoimmune skin disorder that severely
 impacts health-related quality of life (Rapp et al., 1999) and patients
 report reduced physical and mental functioning that is comparable
 with that of patients with cancer, arthritis, hypertension, heart dis
ease, diabetes, and depression.Measures of treatment efficacywithin
 clinical trials should not only focus on clinical improvement but also
 incorporate patients' perceptions of quality of life improvement to
 moreholistically treat thepsychosocial aspects of dermatological dis
eases (Charman et al., 2003).
 The clinical trials unit
 To maximize safety and efficacy, clinical trials are conducted in
 four separate phases. Phase I trials are initial tests on a small group
 of humansubjectstodeterminetreatmentsafety,doserange,andpo
tential side effects (Collier, 2009). Phase II trials are conducted on a
 larger group of people to determine treatment efficacy (Sedgwick,
 2014). Phase III trials involve the randomized and controlled multi
center study of even larger populations to determine and confirm
 the effectiveness of the treatment or drug in question (Sedgwick,
 2014). Lastly, Phase IV studies typically occur after marketing of the
 product and assess the long-term adverse events and effects in vary
ing populations (Collier, 2009).
 Clinical trials can be conducted at academic medical centers and
 in private practice settings. Typically, the study sponsor is a pharma
ceutical company that studies a drug, treatment, or device with the
 goal of marketing the product to the public. The pharmaceutical in
dustry has financially sponsored and supported approximately two
third of all clinical trials in the United States between 2008 and
 2013. This estimate is even higher for studies that were conducted
 in the field of dermatology (Campa et al., 2016).
 Every study team includes a clinician who serves as the principal
 investigator (PI) who is responsible for the study conduct and over
sight of the research activities. First, the PI is approached by a phar
maceutical company to determine the PI's interest in conducting
 the research and generate aninitial contract. Next, the PI signs a con
f
 identiality agreement to assure nondisclosure of any proprietary in
formationthatis relatedtotheresearch.Thesponsorofthestudywill
 thenassess, through a questionnaire and communication with thePI,
 whether the trial can be conducted at the PI's site. The questionnaire
 surveys the investigator's experience, information on thesite and pa
tient population, and provides the PI with the full study protocol to
 determine whether the physician can feasibly conduct the study
 with use of the facility, available resources, and support staff. After
 this information is collected, sponsor representatives conduct a pre
liminary onsite visit to confirm that the site is adequate to support
 atrial, includinganonsitereviewofspaceforstorageofstudyrecords
 and study drug and the study protocol with personnel who are in
volved in the trial. After selection of the trial site, multiple PIs and
 coordinators convene during an investigators' meeting to discuss de
tails of the protocol and exchange information about the study
 (Carson, 2006). It is also important for the PI to be aware of the hy
pothesis or question under evaluation and whether it aligns with
 what Bagatin and Miot (2013) refer to as the feasible, interesting,
 novel, ethical, and relevant (FINER) criteria.
 The next critical step before initiation of the study is approval by
 an institutional review board (IRB). The study site must submit doc
uments with regard to the study protocol, patient informed consent,
 drug and/or treatment to be studied, and other relevant details to
 protect the subjects who will be recruited for the study. IRB approval
 can present a challenge to research sites that initiate studies because
 it can significantly delay the start of a trial. Check et al. (2013)
 reviewed literature in support of a centralized IRB approval process
 instead of the common local IRB approval process and found that
 there are proponents of both procedures. Proponents of the central
ized IRB review value consistency among sites and those who prefer
 thelocal reviewprocessraiseconcernsaboutthelossofqualityofthe
 review and of the emphasis on the context of the local community
 (Check et al., 2013).
 Informed consent documents are also critical to initiate a study
 and provide study subjects with the information they need to make
 a well-informed decision about participation in the trial. Once the
 IRB approval process is satisfactorily completed, the PI will submit
 multiple regulatory documents and a clinical trial agreement to indi
cate the sponsor's responsibility to fund the trial. The site initiation
 visit is the final step before subjects can be enrolled in the study.
 Study representatives at the site will receive all the necessary equip
mentanddocumentsfromthesponsorandmeetwiththeclinicalre
searchassociate whowillmonitorthestudythroughoutthecourseof
 thetrial. Onceasiteisfullyapprovedandinitiated,enrollmentofsub
jects can begin (Carson, 2006).
 For all trials, one main concern of investigators is subject recruit
ment,especially atsitesthat do nothaveanadequatepatientpopula
tion for the study in question. Some academic centers rely on a
 patient registry or database to find potential study subjects (Bain,
 2005) whereas others use broadcast messaging techniques, flyers,
 letters, phone calls, and presentations to health care providers
 (Aitken et al., 2008). Recruitment is crucial to the success of the
 study because without patients, there is no trial. If the overall target
 sample size is not achieved, the study can be “underpowered”,
 which may potentially jeopardize the validity of the results
 (Gardner et al., 2016).
 In addition to a clinical trial site with facilities, qualified principal
 investigators, proper study protocols, and recruitment strategies, the
 last requirement is to fill the crucial role of study coordinator. Often,
 registered nurses are assigned this role in randomized clinical trials
 (Mueller, 2001). Study coordinators serve as clinical interpreters
 and patient advocates throughout the course of the trial (Sadler
 et al., 1999) and are well versed in all aspects of the study protocol,
 initiate the recruitment of patients, and ensure the clinical care of
 all subjects. They also record important data from the study subjects
 in case report forms, assist investigators with skin assessment re
cords,monitorandreportseriousadverseevents,processtissuespec
imens for laboratory testing, conduct the informed consent process,
 and schedule all patient visits that last several hours (Green, 2011).
 Not only do coordinators need to possess clinical skills to take care
 of studypatientsincludingadministrationofthestudydrugifneeded
 buttheymustalsohavecriticalthinkingskills to managethecomplex
 ethical, regulatory, and scientific nature of the trial (Green, 2011;
 Hastings et al., 2012). Study coordinators manage all dimensions of
 study trials as well as focus on all aspects of patient care. As noted
 above, without patients, there would be no trial, and likewise, with
out coordinators, there would be no study patients. They are an in
valuable resource to the clinical trial team.
 Please cite this article as: Torre K, Shahriari M, Clinical trials in dermatology, International Journal of Women's Dermatology (2016), http://
 dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijwd.2016.12.001
K. Torre, M. Shahriari / International Journal of Women's Dermatology xxx (2016) xxx–xxx
 Challenges of the clinical trials design
 3
 also of the negative implications of studies to best care for their
 patients.
 Randomized, controlled clinical trials are the optimal method to
 establish the efficacy of a drug compared with a placebo or another
 drug (Pincusetal., 2015).However,becauseoftheir design,thesetri
als inherently carry some limitations. One important limitation is re
lated to the relatively short time frame, which can limit the ability to
 address research questions related to the long-term efficacy, safety,
 and tolerability of a drug (Pincus et al., 2015).
 Another limitation is the potential distortion of the placebo effect.
 There is a potential to exaggerate or attenuate the placebo effect
 whenapatientis told that they arereceivingtreatmentin a scientific
 experiment versus the best therapy from his or her doctor (Pincus
 et al., 2015).
 Additionally, study enrollment criteria typically exclude patients
 with certain chronic conditions that are common among the target
 population for the drug under investigation. Therefore, study results
 maynotberepresentativeofallpotentialpatientswhowilleventual
ly be administered the drug (Fahey, 1998; Pincus et al., 2015). Re
cently, there have been efforts to increase the globalization of
 randomized clinical trials at multicenter sites. This too can present
 challenges for the validity of results if different regions have varying
 recruitment and regulatory procedures (Pocock and Gersh, 2014).
 As previously discussed, patient recruitment plays a vital role in a
 clinical trial; however, this process does not come without chal
lenges. Barriers that are associated with patient recruitment and en
rollment include demands of the trial (i.e., time, blood draws,
 echocardiograms, etc.), uncertainty about the treatment and possible
 side effects, and concerns about information in the consent paper
work (Ross et al., 1999). Experienced study personnel can help ad
dress the concerns of patients who are interested in enrolling in a
 trial to allow patients to make an informed decision on the basis of
 correct information.
 Randomized, controlled, double-blinded studies aim to eliminate
 bias and contribute valid statistical analyses to the study results
 (Bagatin and Miot, 2013; Schulz et al., 2002). However, inherent
 inter-observer differences and subjectivity exists, especially in der
matologic studies of patients with atopic dermatitis and psoriasis
 (Futamuraetal., 2015).Evenifthesponsordefinesstrictbodysurface
 area andphysician globalassessment valuesfor patientparticipation,
 there remainsvariations betweenphysicianswhoperformsubjective
 skin assessments (Futamura et al., 2015). A lack of perfect standardi
zation betweenassessmentsischallengingtomakeeffectivecompar
isons between studies that are used to support clinical decisions
 (Gerbens et al., 2017).
 Another important challenge with the application of clinical trial
 results to everyday practice is the historical lack of data from
 womenandminorities. Certain diseases such as breast cancer affect
 women more than men and can present differently between the
 sexes (Liu and Mager, 2016). Responses to treatment can also vary
 amongmenandwomen(Pinn,2003)withevidencethatsuggestsbi
ological differences at the cellular level (Liu and Mager, 2016). Stud
ies that fail torecognizethepharmacokineticdifferencesbetweenthe
 sexesneglectanentirepopulationofstudysubjects.Withthisknowl
edge, the FDA and National Institutes of Health have established ini
tiatives to increase the enrollment of women and minorities in
 clinical trials.
 One problem that is frequently noted in clinical literature is the
 potential for publication bias (Zarbin, 2016). Selection bias to report
 only positive results can negatively influence a clinician's decision
 to treat a patient when only some of the relevant data is disclosed
 (Aloshetal.,2009).Kyzasetal.(2007)reviewed1915studiesoncan
cer prognostic markers and noted that approximately 98% of pub
lished data referred to statistically significant study results. It is
 important for clinicians to not only be aware of positive results but
 The final challenge is the application of the clinical trial results to
 one's ownpractice.Aclinician needstocarefully assesswhethertheir
 patient is adequately represented in the study subject population or
 the results of a studymay notbegeneralizable to that physician's pa
tient population (Zarbin, 2016). For all patients, an informed and
 shared decision-making process needs to occur with the severity of
 their conditionsinmind(Fahey,1998).Theone-size-fits-allapproach
 does notalwaysholdtruewhenapplyingresultsof clinical trialstud
ies (Iwashyna and Deane, 2016). The biological variability between
 patients despite similar demographics and disease states needs to
 betaken into consideration (Zarbin, 2016). Only then can an individ
ualized treatment plan that is unique to each patient be developed.
 Conclusion
 It is imperative that wecontinuetoengageinqualityclinical trials
 to support advances in science and medicine. As Ellimoottil et al.
 (2015) state, “clinical trials are at the heart of medical practice” and
 aproperlydevelopedandimplementedtrialcanalterclinicalpractice
 for the better. Regulatory agencies hold randomized clinical trials to
 the highest standards that are rooted in evidence based medicine
 when looking at safety and efficacy profiles (Pocock and Gersh,
 2014). Trials are complex and factors that increase transparency
 within the trial such as preregistration of the trial, reporting of all
 generateddata,clearstatistical methods, andpublication ofall results
 despite the outcomes will pave the way for effective future treat
ments (Campa et al., 2016). With the recent encouraging results of
 multipleclinical trials of patients withpsoriasiswhoshowsubstantial
 Psoriasis Area and Severity Index score improvements (Kragballe
 et al., 2014), trials are important in the field of dermatology and
 other medical fields to discover more effective treatment options. In
 addition to clinical improvement, many chronic conditions such as
 psoriasis are linked to comorbidities including inflammatory bowel
 and cardiovascular diseases and depression (Prey et al., 2010; Weng
 et al., 2007). Therefore, it is imperative to emphasize clinical trials
 that also measure improvements in patients' quality of life
 (Charman et al., 2003). For clinicians and researchers alike, the goal
 is to improve the health and lives of the patients they treat, and
 withproperlydesignedclinicaltrials,this canandwill beconsistently
 achieved worldwide.
 References
 Aitken LM, Pelter MM,CarlsonB,MarshallAP, CrossR,Mckinley S,etal. Effective strat
egies for implementing a multicenter international clinical trial. J Nurs Scholarsh
 2008;40:101–8.
 Alosh M, Fritsch K, Soukup M, Wilkin J. Clinical trials and statistical analyses: what
 should dermatologists look for in a report? Dermatol Ther 2009;22:199–203.
 Bagatin E, Miot HA. How to design and write a clinical research protocol in cosmetic
 dermatology. An Bras Dermatol 2013;88:69–75.
 Bain LJ. Crossroads in clinical trials. NeuroRx 2005;2:525–8.
 Bartholomew M. James Lind's treatise of the scurvy (1753). Postgrad Med J 2002;78:
 695–6.
 Bhatt A. Evolution of clinical research: a history before and beyond James Lind.
 Perspect Clin Res 2010;1:6–10.
 Bickers DR, Lim HW, Margolis D, Weinstock M, GoodmanC, Faulkner E, et al. The bur
den of skin diseases: 2004 a joint project of the American Academy of Dermatol
ogy Association and the Society for Investigative Dermatology. J Am Acad
 Dermatol 2006;55:490–500.
 BorchersAT, Hagie F, KeenCL,GershwinME.Thehistoryandcontemporarychallenges
 of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Clin Ther 2007;29:1–16.
 Campa M, Ryan C, Menter A. Developing more open and equitable relationships with
 industry to improve advancements in clinical research in dermatology. Br J
 Dermatol 2016;174:1365–9.
 Carson PA. Clinical research in dermatology: 10 steps to getting started. Dermatol Ther
 2006;19:377–82.
 Charman C,ChambersC,Williams H.Measuring atopic dermatitis severity in random
ized controlled clinical trials: what exactly are we measuring? J Invest Dermatol
 2003;120:932–41.
 Please cite this article as: Torre K, Shahriari M, Clinical trials in dermatology, International Journal of Women's Dermatology (2016), http://
 dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijwd.2016.12.001
4
 K. Torre, M. Shahriari / International Journal of Women's Dermatology xxx (2016) xxx–xxx
 Check DK, Weinfurt KP, Dombeck CB, Kramer JM, FlynnKE. Use of central institutional
 review boards for multicenter clinical trials in the United States: a review of the
 literature. Clin Trials 2013;10:560–7.
 Collier R. Legumes, lemons and streptomycin: a short history of the clinical trial. CMAJ
 2009;180:23–4.
 de Craen AJ, Kaptchuk TJ, Tijssen JG, Kleijnen J. Placebos and placebo effects in medi
cine: historical overview. J R Soc Med 1999;92:511–5.
 Downing NS, Aminawung JA, Shah ND, Krumholz HK, Ross JS. Clinical trial evidence
 supporting FDA approval of novel therapeutic agents, 2005-2012. JAMA 2014;
 311:368–77.
 Ellimoottil C, Vijan S, Flanigan RC. A primeronclinical trial design. Urol Oncol 2015;33:
 116–21.
 Fahey T. Applying the results of clinical trials to patients to general practice: perceived
 problems, strengths, assumptions, and challenges for the future. Br J Gen Pract
 1998;48:1173–8.
 Futamura M, Leshem YA, Thomas KS, Nankervis H, Williams HC, Simpson EL. A sys
tematic review of investigator global assessment (IGA) in atopic dermatitis (AD)
 trials: many options, no standards. J Am Acad Dermatol 2015;74:288–94.
 Gardner HR, Fraser C, Maclennan G, Treweek S. A protocol for a systematic review of
 non-randomised evaluations of strategies to improve participant recruitment to
 randomised controlled trials. Syst Rev 2016;5:131–7.
 Gerbens LA, Prinsen CA, Chalmers JR, Drucker AM, von Kobyletzki LB, Limpens J, et al.
 Evaluation of the measurementproperties ofsymptommeasurementinstruments
 for atopic eczema: a systematic review. Allergy 2017;72:146–63.
 Green L. Explaining the role of the nurse in clinical trials. Nurs Stand 2011;25:35–9.
 Hastings CE, Fisher CA, McCabe MA, National Clinical Research Nursing Consortium,
 Allison J, Brassil D, et al. Clinical research nursing: a critical resource in the national
 research enterprise. Nurs Outlook 2012;60:149–56.
 Iwashyna TJ, Deane AM. Individualizing endpoints in randomized clinical trials to bet
ter inform individual patient care: the TARGET proposal. Crit Care 2016;20:
 218–25.
 Kragballe K, van de Kerkhof PC, GordonKB. Unmet needsinthetreatmentofpsoriasis.
 Eur J Dermatol 2014;25:523–32.
 Kyzas PA, Denaxa-Kyza D, Ioannidis J. Almost all articles on cancer prognostic markers
 report statistically significant results. Eur J Cancer 2007;43:2559–79.
 Liu KA, Mager NA. Women's involvement in clinical trials: historical perspective and
 future implications. Pharm Pract (Granada) 2016;14:708–16.
 Mueller MR. From delegation to specialization: nurses and clinical trial coordination.
 Nurs Inq 2001;8:182–90.
 Pincus T, Bergman MJ, Yazici Y. Limitations of clinical trials in chronic diseases: is the
 efficacy of methotrexate (MTX) underestimated in polyarticular psoriatic arthritis
 onthebasis oflimitationsof clinical trials more than on limitations of MTX, as was
 seen in rheumatoid arthritis? Clin Exp Rheumatol 2015;33:S82–93.
 Pinn VW. Sex and gender factors in medical studies. JAMA 2003;289:397–400.
 Pocock SJ, Gersh BJ. Do current clinical trials meet society's needs?: a critical review of
 recent evidence. J Am Coll Cardiol 2014;64:1615–28.
 Prey S, Paul C, Bronsard V. Assessment of the risk of psoriatic arthritis in patients with
 plaque psoriasis: a systematic review of the literature. J Eur Acad Dermatol
 Venereol 2010;24:31–5.
 Rapp SR, Feldman SR, Exum ML, Fleischer Jr AB, Reboussin DM. Psoriasis causes as
 much disability as other major medical diseases. J Am Acad Dermatol 1999;41:
 401–7.
 RossS, GrantA,Counsell C,Gillespie W, RussellI, Prescott R. Barriers to participation in
 randomised controlled trials: a systematic review. J Clin Epidemiol 1999;52:
 1143–56.
 Sadler GR, Lantz JM, Fullerton JT, Dault Y. Nurses' unique roles in randomized clinical
 trials. J Prof Nurs 1999;15:106–15.
 Schulz KF, Chalmers I, Altman DG. The landscape and lexicon of blinding in random
ized trials. Ann Intern Med 2002;136:25–9.
 Sedgwick P. What are the four phases of clinical research trials? BMJ 2014;348:1–2.
 Weng X, Liu L, Barcellos LF, Allison JE, Herrinton LJ. Clustering of inflammatory
 bowel disease with immune mediated diseases among members of a
 northern California-managed care organization. Am J Gastroenterol 2007;102:
 1429–35.
 Zarbin MA.Challenges inapplying the results of clinical trials to clinical practice. JAMA
 Ophthalmol 2016;134:928–33.
 Please cite this article as: Torre K, Shahriari M, Clinical trials in dermatology, International Journal of Women's Dermatology (2016), http://
 dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijwd.2016.12.001